hey everyone terry wilson here coming to
you for press for truth CA governments
around the world have been using public
water supplies as a medication delivery
system for decades especially here in
north america we've seen public water
supplies been used to add fluoride to
people's diets since 1945 but now that
we're seeing a pushback against
fluoridation with countless cities
ending the practice and as we just
covered lawyers starting to get involved
threatening to sue municipality 'he's
we're seeing the push for add the
addition of lithium to water supplies
there are many things that naturally
occur in the drinking water that are
beneficial in some parts of the
countries that don't cover current other
parts of the country one of those items
happens to be living people who oppose
adding lithium to the drinking water and
trace amounts don't go around advocating
to strain the lithium from the drinking
water narratives word I suggestion for
specifics of lithium are rather
interesting and i should add i'm not the
first person to propose this idea peter
kramer floated this idea in the new york
times over a year ago the brown
university psychiatrist the author of
was made to prozac in areas were lithium
in trace amounts intimate drinking water
there seems to be a lower level of
suicidality and in the texas counties
that work study there's actually lower
crime rate same studies repeated in
japan completely different cultural
milieu and may have the same result us
now on yahoo news scotland is now
pushing for this like psychiatric group
in scotland is pushing to do a study
comparing areas of the country that have
natural lithium levels in the water to
areas that don't and checking the
suicide rings that's right we all need
medication in our water to make sure
that we don't commit suicide it's
absolutely absurd it's against every
human right that you can think of for
any medical doctor any government to
mass medicate through a water supply but
we're seeing that push so it's up to us
to push back against it if you don't
these types of medications in your water
you need to make your voices hurt now
make sure your government knows
beforehand do you are not going to stand
for it or we're going to end up Gloria
dated given the antipsychotic
medications through a water supply and
be zombies lithium is a treatment for
bipolar disorder along with many other
psychiatric disabilities so if you out
there don't have a disability or
something like bipolar you're still
going to get that lithium you know just
to make sure you don't commit suicide
you